README.md, before:

# pand-problem-sheet
Solutions to the weekly problem sheet handed out on Programming and Scripting Course 2021

Structure of tis repository:
|   
+---WK02 - Simple program that takes the user input for height dn weight and calculates BMI index
|       bmi.py
|
|  references:
|  Handling exceptions: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html
|  IF-ELSE statements: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_conditions.asp
|  format() method: https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_string_format.asp
|       
+---WK03 - Simple program that asks a user to input a string and outputs every second letter in reverse order
|       secondstring.py
|
|  references:
|  Reverse string: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_howto_reverse_string.asp
|       
+---WK04 - Simple program that takes users positive integer and outputs Collatz sequence for that integer
|       collatz.py
|
|  references:
|  Handling exceptions: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html
|  Defining and using functions: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_functions.asp
|  Various sources on Collatz conjecture: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mFpVDpKX70, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collatz_conjecture
|       
+---WK05 - Program that outputs wheter or not today is a weekday
|       weekday.py
|       
+---WK06 - Simple program that takes users positive real number as an input and outputs an approximation of it's square root
|       squareroot.py
|       
+---WK07 - Simple program that reads in a text file and outputs the number of e's it contains
|       es.py
|       Quo-Vadis.txt
|       
\---WK08 - Program that displays a plot of 3 functions: linear, quadratic and cubic for x in range of [0,4]
        plot.png
        plottask.py

Commit message:

References added to all projects in Readme file

README.md, after:

# pand-problem-sheet
Solutions to the weekly problem sheet handed out on Programming and Scripting Course 2021

Structure of tis repository:
|   
+---WK02 - Simple program that takes the user input for height and weight to calculate BMI index
|       bmi.py
|
|  references:
|  Handling exceptions: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html
|  IF-ELSE statements: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_conditions.asp
|  format() method: https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_string_format.asp
|       
+---WK03 - Simple program that asks a user to input a string and outputs every second letter in reverse order
|       secondstring.py
|
|  references:
|  Reverse string: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_howto_reverse_string.asp
|       
+---WK04 - Simple program that takes users positive integer and outputs Collatz sequence for that integer
|       collatz.py
|
|  references:
|  Handling exceptions: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html
|  Defining and using functions: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_functions.asp
|  Various sources on Collatz conjecture: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mFpVDpKX70, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collatz_conjecture
|       
+---WK05 - Program that outputs wheter or not today is a weekday. This was solved using Lists and Dictionaries
|       weekday.py
|
|  references:
|  Checking todays date: https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/datetime/current-datetime
|  Lists: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_lists.asp
|  Dictionaries: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_dictionaries.asp
|  Modulo operator: https://realpython.com/python-modulo-operator/
|       
+---WK06 - Simple program that takes users positive real number as an input and outputs an approximation of it's square root
|       squareroot.py
|
|  references:
|  Function default parameter value: https://www.w3schools.com/python/gloss_python_function_default_parameter.asp
|  None Type: https://realpython.com/null-in-python/
|  Finding Square Roots Using Newton’s Method: https://www2.math.upenn.edu/~kazdan/202F09/sqrt.pdf
|  Handling exceptions: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html
|  format() method: https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_string_format.asp
|       
+---WK07 - Simple program that reads in a text file and outputs the number of e's it contains
|       es.py
|       Quo-Vadis.txt
|       
|  references:
|  "Quo Vadis" ebook from he Project Gutenberg: https://www.gutenberg.org/files/2853/2853-h/2853-h.htm
|  Opening "UTF8" encoded text files: "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/491921/unicode-utf-8-reading-and-writing-to-files-in-python
|  Handling exceptions: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html
|  Exceptions: https://docs.python.org/3/library/exceptions.html
|  Usimg command line parameters: https://realpython.com/python-command-line-arguments/
|
\---WK08 - Program that displays a plot of 3 functions: linear, quadratic and cubic for x in range of [0,4]
        plot.png
        plottask.py
  references:
  TeX markup in the graphs: https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/text/mathtext.html        
  Saving plot to file: https://matplotlib.org/stable/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.savefig.html
  Pyplot arguments: https://matplotlib.org/stable/api/pyplot_summary.html
  NumPy: https://realpython.com/numpy-tutorial/
